stable-1.6.0 merge and release notes (#229)
mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

## stable-1.15-1.6.0, stable-1.16-1.6.0

> * \[cert-manager\] `usages` is no longer definable as part of `issuerRef`, instead it is a key on its own ([#196](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons/pull/196), [@sebbrandt87](https://github.com/sebbrandt87))

Reviewer: Is this change the reason for the minor bump instead of a patch?

Author: Each bi-monthly release is a minor bump. Patch releases are done for patches out of the release cadence, to patch a bug. We did that for 1.4 where it broke the velero backup.

Reviewer 2: Hm there should be a mention of the easy token refresh in these notes https://jira.d2iq.com/browse/D2IQ-65269?src=confmacro

Author: Not according to the PR: https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons/pull/193

Reviewer 2: Ah probably oversight. @jr0d this is a new feature worth calling out, yes? This is for the kubectl plugin with dka instructions page

Reviewer 2: also dka, dex, and opsportal addons all got updated ... maybe we should include something in the release notes about those (unless all related to security plugin)

# Release Notes

## stable-1.15-1.6.0, stable-1.16-1.6.0

> * \[dex-k8s-authenticator\]: Now supports a kubectl credentials plugin for automatically managing identity tokens. Instructions for downloading the plugin and configuring kubectl can be found at `https://\u003ccluster-ip\u003e/token/plugin`. ([#212](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons/pull/212), [@jr0d](https://github.com/jr0d))

Reviewer 2: accidental encoding in the link?` \u003e`

Author: ```suggestion
* \[dex-k8s-authenticator\]: Now supports a kubectl credentials plugin for automatically managing identity tokens. Instructions for downloading the plugin and configuring kubectl can be found at `https://<cluster-ip>/token/plugin`. ([#212](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons/pull/212), [@jr0d](https://github.com/jr0d))
```
